Welcome to the BEE2.4 Default Pack issue tracker! Here are a few guidelines you should follow when posting an issue:

1. Before reporting a bug or suggesting a feature, **please search through the existing issues** to make sure nobody has already reported/suggested it. Duplicate issues are unnecessary and will immediately be closed, no matter how severe an issue it may be. Do not intentionally open a duplicate issue in an attempt to remind us about a bug/feature.
2. **Please provide as much information as possible when reporting bugs.** Tell us what version of BEE2.4 you are using, and what style you have selected. If something is broken in-game, include a screenshot, or even a GIF or video if necessary. If you're getting a compile error, turn on `developer 2` and post the console log. The more information you provide, the faster we'll be able to fix the bug.
3. **Please do not use the Issues page to ask questions.** This creates unnecessary issues which are only open for a brief period of time before being closed once the question is answered. If you have a question, first check the [FAQ](../../wiki/FAQ); if you can't find it there you can ask your question on our [Discord server](https://discord.me/beemod).
4. If you have multiple bug reports or feature requests which are not related to each other, **it is encouraged that you create separate issues instead of combining them into one.** This allows us to individually label the issues, and close them once they are fixed/implemented.
5. And finally, **please keep in mind that BEEmod is not a wishlist for custom test elements/styles or specific items that only benifit the map you're working on now.** Suggesting a custom test element or style is fine, but please stick to things that other people have already implemented in a map or that you are willing to develop yourself. If you need a very specific item for a map you're workng on, learn Hammer or find another way of doing it within the Puzzlemaker.
